{"recipes":[{"country": "United States", "name": "Easy Southern Fried Green Tomatoes", "style": "multisym.jpg", "ingredients": "waxed paper. 2 large eggs. 2 tablespoons water. 1 cup all-purpose flour. 1 cup yellow cornmeal. sea salt taste. freshly ground black pepper to taste. 2 pounds green tomatoes sliced. 1 cup canola oil for frying", "method": "Line a baking sheet with waxed paper. Beat eggs and water in a shallow bowl and place flour and cornmeal in 2 separate shallow bowls. Season cornmeal with salt and pepper. Dip each tomato slice into flour, then dip into egg mixture. Press tomato into cornmeal mixture, shaking off excess. Transfer tomato to prepared baking sheet. Repeat with remaining tomato slices, arranging tomatoes in a single layer. Heat about 1/4 inch canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat until oil begins to shimmer. Fry tomatoes in batches until golden and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on paper towel-lined plates. Repeat with remaining tomatoes"}, {"country": "Jamaica", "name": "One-Pan Jamaican Jerk Chicken and Rice", "style": "ketosym.jpg", "ingredients": "1 1/2 teaspoons erythritol. 1 teaspoon salt. 3/4 teaspoon ground allspice. 1/2 teaspoon black pepper. 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder. 1/2 teaspoon paprika. 1/2 teaspoon dried parsley. 1/4 teaspoon dried thyme leaves. 1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon. 1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg. 4 bone-in skin-on chicken thighs. 2 tablespoons avocado oil for the pan. 1/4 cup chopped onions. 12 ounces riced cauliflower. lime wedges for serving", "method": "Preheat the oven to 375 F. In a small bowl, whisk together the ingredients for the jerk seasoning. Rub the seasoning blend all over the chicken. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat the oil until shimmering. Place the chicken skin side down in the pan and cook without disturbing for 4 minutes, until the skin is golden brown. Flip the chicken and cook for another 4 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate and add the onions to the skillet. Saute until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the riced cauliflower and cook until just tender, another 4 minutes. Return the chicken to the skillet, skin side up, and transfer the skillet to the oven. Bake for 20 minutes, or until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 165 F. Serve with lime wedges"}, {"country": "Thailand", "name": "Thai Coconut Soup", "style": "ketosym.jpg", "ingredients": "4 chicken breasts. 14 oz coconut milk. 28 oz water. 1/4 cup red boat fish sauce. 2 tbsp Thai garlic chili paste. 1 tbsp coconut aminos. 1 oz lime juice. 1 tsp ground ginger. 2 sprigs Thai basil. Cilantro", "method": "Thinly slice chicken breast into 1/4-inch thick strips, then cut once more to make the pieces of chicken bite-sized. In a large stock pot, combine coconut milk, broth, water, fish sauce, chili sauce, coconut aminos, lime juice, ginger, and basil. Bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in chicken pieces, reduce heat to low-medium, and cover pot; simmer for 30 minutes. Remove basil leaves from the soup and garnish with cilantro"}, {"country": "Norway", "name": "Pinnekjott Macaroni", "style": "multisym.jpg", "ingredients": "1/2 cup butter. 1/2 cup all-purpose flour. 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder. 3 cups milk. 1 cup heavy cream or half and half. 3 cups cooked pinnekjott (cured lamb ribs) shredded and bones removed. 21 ounces cheese (equal mix of 3 cheeses: norvegia, gouda, semi-firm white cheese from goat's milk, chedder, and or gruyere). 14 ounces macaroni cooked al dente", "method": "melt the butter in a large heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the flour and wisk for 2 minutes. Add the garlic powder, milk and cream and continue to cook, whisking frequently for 5 to 8 minutes, or untill thickened. Add in 14 ounces of the cheese and stir to combine. Cook until cheese has melted, about 1 minute. add in the pinnekjo and cooked macaroni, mix well. Remove from the heat and pour into a 13 x 9 inch casserole dish. Top with the remaining cheese. Bake for 20 minutes at 350 F"}, {"country": "Mexico", "name": "Gluten-Free Burrito Bowl", "style":  "glutensym.jpg", "ingredients": "1 pound ground beef. 1 tablespoon cumin. 2 teaspoons onion powder. 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder. 2 teaspoons paprika. 2 teaspoons oregano. 1/2 teaspoon salt. 1 cup Rice or quinoa", "method": "Cook rice or quinoa according to package directions. Spray a large pan with cooking spray. Add your ground beef and salt to taste. Add the seasonings to the ground beef. Cook meat until browned and drain oil if necessary. Build your bowl with rice or quinoa as the base, add taco meat and your favorite toppings"}, {"country": "Morocco", "name": "Gluten-free Moroccan Chicken with Cauliflower and Cashews", "style": "glutensym.jpg", "ingredients": "1 tbsp extra-virgin olive oil. 1 lb skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into 1-inch cubes. 1 small onion, chopped. 3 cloves garlic, pressed. 2 cups cauliflower florets. 2 cups chickpeas. 6 cups low-sodium, organick chicken stock. 2 tbsp pomegranate molasses. 1 tbsp garam masala. 1/2 cup raw cashews", "method": "Preheat oven to 350 F. In an ovenproof casserole dish. heat olive oil on medium-high heat and add chicken. Let brown for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add onions, garlic, cauliflower, chickpeas, chicken stock, pomegranate molasses and garam masala. Cover and place in preheated oven to cook for approximately 25 minutes. Remove from oven and top with chopped cashews"}, {"country": "Italy", "name": "Tomato Basil Tortelini Soup", "style": "vegsym.jpg", "ingredients": "2 tbsp olive oil. 1 medium onion, chopped. 3 medium carrots, chopped. 5 garlic cloves, minced. 3 cans crushed tomatoes, undrained. 1 carton vegetable broth (32 ounces). 1 tbsp sugar. 1 tsp dried basil. 1 bay leaf. 3 packages refrigerated cheese tortellini. 3/4 cup half and half cream. shredded parmesan cheese and minced fresh basil", "method": "In a large skillet, heat oil over medium-high heat. Add onion and carrot; cook and stir until crisp-tender, 5-6 minutes. Add garlic; cook 1 minute longer. Transfer to a 6- or 7-qt slow cooker. Add the tomatoes, broth, sugar, basil and bay leaf. Cook, covered, on low until vegetables are tender, 6-7 hours. Stir in tortellini. Cook, covered, on high 15 minutes. Reduce heat to low; stir in cream until heated through. Discard bay leaf. Serve with Parmesan cheese and basil. Freeze option: Before stirring in half & half, cool soup and freeze in freezer containers. To use, partially thaw in refrigerator overnight. Heat through in a saucepan, stirring occasionally, adding half & half as directed"}, {"country": "France", "name": "Ratatouille", "style": "vegsym.jpg", "ingredients": "5 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for serving. 1 1/2 pound eggplant, large dice. kosher salt. Freshly ground black pepper. 1 1/2 pound zucchini or summer squash, large dice. 1 medium yellow onion, diced. 2 cloves garlic, minced. 2 sprigs fresh thyme. 1 bay leaf. 1 pound tomatoes, large dice. 1 large bell pepper, large dice. 1/4 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced", "method": "Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large Dutch oven or heavy-bottomed pot over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add the eggplant, season generously with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned in spots, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons of the oil to the pot. Add the zucchini, season generously with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned in spots, about 2 minutes. Transfer to the bowl with the eggplant. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and the onion, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and just beginning to brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic, thyme, and bay leaf and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and bell peppers. Add the reserved eggplant and zucchini and gently stir to combine. Bring to a simmer, then turn down the heat to medium-low. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for at least 20 minutes or up to 1 1/2 hours. A shorter cooking time will leave the vegetables in larger, more distinct pieces; longer cooking times will break the vegetables down into a silky stew. Remove the bay leaf and thyme sprigs. Just before serving, stir in the basil. Taste and season with salt and pepper as needed. Serve, sprinkling each serving with more basil and drizzling with more olive oil"}]}